Sorry, I'm on a financial diet.
I'm saving up for a yacht.
My imaginary friends need money too.
I have to pay off my pet rock's credit card debt first.
I'm trying to set a record for the world's longest no-spend streak.
I'm investing in the stock market of my dreams.
I'm trying to break my addiction to online shopping.
My bank account is currently in witness protection.
My wallet is in hibernation mode.
I'm on a self-imposed shopping ban until further notice.
I'm saving up for a trip to the moon.
I'm trying to beat the high score for the world's cheapest person.
My budget is tighter than a pair of skinny jeans.
I'm living the simple life, man.
I'm embracing my inner monk and living a life of frugality.
I'm trying to reduce my carbon footprint by not buying anything.
My wallet is currently in a coma and needs rest.
I'm boycotting capitalism for the day.
I'm living the pauper's dream.
I'm broke as a joke.
I'm saving up to buy a castle in the clouds.
I'm trying to break my own world record for the longest time without spending money.
I'm trying to see how long I can live on just air and sunshine.
My money is in the witness protection program.
I'm currently experiencing a cash shortage.
I'm saving up for a lifetime supply of bubble wrap.
I'm experiencing a temporary cash flow problem.
My piggy bank is undergoing emergency surgery.
I'm trying to win the award for the world's thriftiest person.
I'm practicing the art of extreme couponing.
I'm trying to break the world record for the longest time spent without buying anything.
My wallet is going through a midlife crisis.
I'm trying to live a more minimalist lifestyle.
I'm boycotting all forms of consumerism for a while.
I'm trying to break the habit of being a shopaholic.
My bank account is currently taking a siesta.
I'm trying to see how long I can live without money.
I'm trying to break my own personal record for the longest time spent without spending money.
I'm trying to be more environmentally conscious by not buying anything.
I'm saving up for a unicorn ranch.
I'm trying to reduce my carbon footprint by not buying anything.
I'm practicing the art of frugal living.
I'm trying to be more self-sufficient by not buying anything.
My wallet is experiencing a moment of silence.
I'm trying to see how little money I can live on.
I'm saving up for a pet dinosaur.
I'm on a mission to become a minimalist.
I'm trying to break the cycle of consumerism.
I'm trying to be more self-sufficient by not buying anything.
I'm trying to live a life of simplicity.
I'm saving up for a trip around the world.
I'm trying to see how long I can go without spending money.
I'm trying to be more sustainable by not buying anything.
I'm living the dream of being a hermit.
I'm saving up for a pet dragon.
I'm trying to be more eco-friendly by not buying anything.
I'm on a quest to



Chris Jones
next
My bank account has gone into hibernation.
I'm trying to save up for a time machine.
I'm taking a break from funding the world economy.
I'm trying to see how creative I can get with what I already have.
I'm currently participating in a "no spend challenge."
My wallet is in a state of meditation.
I'm trying to break my addiction to impulse buying.
I'm trying to master the art of delayed gratification.
I'm saving up for a mansion on Mars.
I'm trying to be more mindful of my spending habits.
I'm living off the grid, baby!
I'm trying to see how much I can live without.
I'm practicing the art of frugal innovation.
I'm saving up for a private island.
I'm trying to see how resourceful I can be.
My bank account is currently in the witness protection program.
I'm trying to break the record for the world's longest no-spend challenge.
I'm living the dream of a monk in training.
I'm trying to live a life of abundance with less.
I'm saving up for a time-share on the moon.
I'm trying to break my addiction to consumerism.
I'm on a quest to find the true meaning of wealth.
My wallet is in a state of Zen.
I'm trying to be more self-sufficient by not buying anything unnecessary.
I'm saving up for a trip to the center of the earth.
I'm trying to see how much I can live on without sacrificing my quality of life.
I'm trying to break the habit of using money as a means of happiness.
My bank account is currently taking a break.
I'm saving up for a castle in the clouds.
I'm trying to see how much I can do with what I already have.
I'm living the dream of a minimalist.
I'm trying to break the cycle of living paycheck to paycheck.
I'm saving up for a time-traveling DeLorean.
I'm trying to be more mindful of my financial decisions.
My wallet is in a state of introspection.
I'm trying to break the habit of buying things I don't really need.
I'm trying to live a life of purpose rather than a life of possessions.
I'm saving up for a jetpack.
I'm trying to be more resourceful with what I already have.
I'm on a mission to save the planet by reducing my consumption.
My bank account is taking a vacation.
I'm saving up for a private island on Mars.
I'm trying to see how much joy I can find in the things that money can't buy.